Add support for `Annotated` types (#2920)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

> RELEASE_TYPE: patch
> 
> This patch adds support for annotated types (i.e. ``typing_extensions.Annotated`` and ``typing.Annotated``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RELEASE_TYPE: minor

This release teaches :func:`~hypothesis.strategies.from_type` how to see 
through :class:`python:typing.Annotated`.  Thanks to Vytautas Strimaitis
for reporting and fixing :issue:`2919`!
```

I'd also encourage you to add yourself to the list in `AUTHORS.rst` :grin:

RELEASE_TYPE: minor

This release teaches :func:`~hypothesis.strategies.from_type` how to see 

> through :class:`python:typing.Annotated`.  Thanks to Vytautas Strimaitis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through :obj:`python:typing.Annotated`.  Thanks to Vytautas Strimaitis
```

Apparently Sphinx doesn't consider this a type :joy:
